Richelle Direny: Hi, Nina.
Donita McClintic: Hi, how are you
Richelle Direny: I'm good. I you know I actually am on and I'm like, what's taking so long to come over. Then I realized that
On a different
Richelle Direny: Meeting Room.
Donita McClintic: Oh,
Donita McClintic: My God said that you were yeah it told me you were in a different meeting.
Richelle Direny: To insult it, I don't know, something maybe touch my screen. And I know
Richelle Direny: That's the meeting. Right.
Donita McClintic: So,
Donita McClintic: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: I DIDN'T KNOW THAT IF YOU WERE COMING UP BECAUSE YOU GOT MY MESSAGE reminding you of it right
Donita McClintic: I think so, yeah.
Donita McClintic: I did.
Richelle Direny: When I send out that I sent it out around like one something. Usually when I send it
Donita McClintic: Out. Oh, no, no, I didn't get it. I didn't get that. No.
Richelle Direny: Okay, okay. That's okay, that's fine, because usually when I send it out a lot of the times I don't get people don't respond to it. So then I'm not really sure if you guys if
Donita McClintic: Anyone has come right I said
Richelle Direny: Well you know what, let me see if because I think this is the second time I've sent it and I can't remember if you've ever responded to. And yet,
Donita McClintic: Your phone number 74061253748 is but where I'm out at my mom's I don't get cell service.
Donita McClintic: So that's probably why. Yeah. Okay. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Email right
Donita McClintic: Like if you are you, yes. Okay. Okay.
Donita McClintic: I like to my email. Well, I am I'm probably going to be here for a while. Like I left my husband and I have been so much better. I feel better. I'm just better so
Donita McClintic: So I'm probably going to be here until we can start to get out and get jobs and all that stuff because we're on the you know we're supposed to be staying home. Is that how you guys are too. Yes. Are you still working. Yeah.
Donita McClintic: I hope so. Yeah. So. Right. Right. Yeah. So I am. I've been helping my mom, I have a sister. That's a nurse and she had to get tested for this virus and she should have her results tomorrow and hopefully they come back negative.
Donita McClintic: Yes, yes, I've been worried about that a little bit, let me yes if my parents was to get it. Go ahead.
Um,
Richelle Direny: So you so you pretty much moved in with your mom.
Donita McClintic: Yes.
Donita McClintic: Okay, okay. Yeah, yeah, with my mom and my stepdad
Donita McClintic: What
Richelle Direny: Are some words you're listening to living with your said
Donita McClintic: No, my son was living. He's living with his girlfriend, but my center with their girlfriends.
Oh,
Donita McClintic: Yeah, they live together.
Let's see.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so, um, so what happens so update me let me know what's going on. What happened, why you you left your, your husband.
Donita McClintic: Because the last time I think I
Richelle Direny: May well talk to you. I think his mom had died.
Donita McClintic: And his Grandpa, Grandpa passed away.
Donita McClintic: Yeah.
Donita McClintic: He just he wants to. He chose drugs over a marriage so
Donita McClintic: Yeah, I am. I would have better myself and being around stuff is tempting. And I mean, not that he was doing all the time, but it was still enough to
Donita McClintic: Make i just i want to be better. I want to better myself. I don't want that lifestyle anymore. I want nowhere around it. And I thought, I
Donita McClintic: was stronger than what I really am. I guess. But I mean, I've done good I did, I did mess up once I done. I thought I was doing some speed, but it didn't even speed me up. So, only thing you've done was
Donita McClintic: Make me feel bad about doing any doing something, but I hadn't had medicine for three days because where where my I couldn't go to the lab to do my work.
Donita McClintic: With the doctor wanted me to do.
Donita McClintic: Because my ID is still expired, but where I can go get it done. But site I done my urine cup and so took three days to get my medicine. So I was feeling bad. So I thought, speed, my make me feel better. Well now, it didn't.
Donita McClintic: But when when
Donita McClintic: That was
Donita McClintic: Two weeks ago, three weeks ago. It's been a little while.
Richelle Direny: Is this the time when you were talking to Dr. Jamison and
Richelle Direny: Tom, are you were concerned about
Richelle Direny: How you were concerned about
Donita McClintic: The positive in your system.
Donita McClintic: Yes, uh huh.
Richelle Direny: Okay. And so what did you do
Donita McClintic: What did, yeah.
Richelle Direny: Is it that you something you got from him.
Donita McClintic: It's well I got it from one of his friends. But that's when I said it wasn't even it didn't really even do anything to me. I felt no different. It was weird.
Donita McClintic: So that's even more reason I'm not to even do anything, really. It's scary. It's hard to tell what it was.
Donita McClintic: So,
Richelle Direny: What's
Richelle Direny: Going on at the time because I know that we've spoken about, you know, like when you're feeling overwhelmed and I know we haven't met in a while.
Richelle Direny: So like what was going on. Yeah.
Donita McClintic: That was tempting for young
Donita McClintic: To use my husband.
Donita McClintic: My husband, he's mean and I'm tired of I'm trying to take care of me and myself and him. He doesn't do anything.
Donita McClintic: And then when things doesn't go his way he's. I mean, he's been violent before but I just don't want it to escalate to that.
Donita McClintic: I don't want it to go that far anymore, but it was just that. And I just, I hadn't had any medicine and I, yeah, I just, and it wasn't even
Donita McClintic: I mean, it wasn't even much, but it was enough to I feel horrible about it. I mean, I felt, and that's what it does to me. It made me feel even worse about myself.
Donita McClintic: But I'm I've left them. I've been he's it's been like almost say month and a half since I left but I CD once since then. And I just, I'm done. He just what I told him he chose drugs over marriage and I am not doing it no more like I'm, I, I'm better than that.
Donita McClintic: And I mean, I feel so much better. It's like I feel like I'm a completely different person.
Donita McClintic: Now I feel
Donita McClintic: It'll be four years in May.
Okay.
Richelle Direny: And so when you
Richelle Direny: So it was it was a mutual agreement when you decided to to walk out.
Donita McClintic: Um, no. He doesn't he wants me to be with him, but I'm not. I'm not. No I'm not, like I said, he
Donita McClintic: Didn't have a place to live. Yeah, but I'm not. I have you talked to him. Like I blocked him out on my own Facebook Messenger I blocked him.
Donita McClintic: And I don't. I mean, I don't care what he does, because he was threatening me with like, Well, I'm gonna go do slow is when he call it, which I assume would be heroin. I don't know what they call it now, but because I'm not messed with heroin since I overdosed. Four years ago, but
Donita McClintic: Yes, he's threatening me with that and I just told him you know your big boy. He's gonna be 46 tomorrow he can do whatever he wants to do, but you know it's cowardly way and he's not putting that on me.
Donita McClintic: If that's what he chooses to do, then you can do it. I'm not going to feel bad if he overdoses and dies. And honestly, I mean, I really wouldn't. It's not my that's his problem. That's not my problem.
Donita McClintic: But I mean, I think he was just saying it for me to come back or whatever. But it didn't work and I blocked him I blocked him on all my stuff.
Donita McClintic: Like I'm seriously done like, I'm done. Done. He went to prison was married a year and a half or something and he went to prison for assaulting a police officer and he was there for 18 months and I waited for him the whole time for this.
Donita McClintic: For nothing like I should have went on, then.
Donita McClintic: But I do I feel so much better. I'm a better like I'd get out and do things I've been out going out and doing stuff I have like like I got more energy. I don't know. It's just different.
Donita McClintic: Like
Richelle Direny: I just saw that you're
Richelle Direny: Feeling that way.
Richelle Direny: That's good that you're calling in, what, what's helping you to maintain that confidence that you're having now that you know you're, you're pretty serious about maintaining your sobriety at this point.
Donita McClintic: Yeah, because I'm I'm back at my parents house. My, my parents being out here with my mom and dad because remember I told you, like I felt ashamed of myself and didn't really talk about things with some because of how
Donita McClintic: You know when I overdose to whatever like really never talked about it. Well, I
Donita McClintic: Have talked to so and you kept it a secret for a
Donita McClintic: Long time
Donita McClintic: Yeah, yeah. Well, we talked about it and I feel so much better. And like their support me. I mean, they're my dad.
Donita McClintic: Because before he would like you know say things in it would make me cry. He's like, tried to tough love stuff, but he's not been like that at all. Like they just been
Donita McClintic: Supportive like I'm in their car right now so I can do my group like or my my counseling with you because before they absolutely would not let me even
Donita McClintic: My mom would have brought me. You know what I mean.
Donita McClintic: Like their trusted me and
Richelle Direny: So what. So what's the what's what.
Donita McClintic: So because I'm trying to better myself.
Donita McClintic: Hmm. Because, because I'm trying to better myself and they can see it.
Donita McClintic: Okay, I'm just not blowing smoke up there, but this time.
Richelle Direny: Okay, that's good.
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: So then that's what it's all did. They Are they supportive of us being separated
Donita McClintic: Yes, yes. Yeah, they don't they don't want me around them at all.
Richelle Direny: I mean, but then, you know, and so this is where while you know everything that you're doing and you're you're choosing you
Richelle Direny: overdrawn your life.
Donita McClintic: You're choosing
Richelle Direny: You know, just wanting to live life in love life.
Donita McClintic: I'm right.
Richelle Direny: And now coming out and sharing about, you know, the overdose and just all of that and just being honest, not just with everybody else around you, but first being honest with yourself.
Donita McClintic: Right.
Richelle Direny: You know, that's good. But this is the thing, you know, right now it's somewhat of a honeymoon phase that you're in, in terms of, you know, being away from him.
Richelle Direny: But then after a while.
Richelle Direny: You're going to start missing him.
Donita McClintic: And you're going to
Richelle Direny: Say you have to prepare final moments and having that extra support and
Donita McClintic: And, you know, having people
Richelle Direny: Around you to help you.
Donita McClintic: And to remind you of that right
Richelle Direny: Back.
Donita McClintic: If you know that it's
Right for You.
Donita McClintic: Yeah, yeah, we'll see where he was in prison before
Donita McClintic: I mean, I pretty much like we ripped apart before and I mean I know I see what you're saying. But yeah, my parents are, I mean,
Richelle Direny: I just nothing down there.
Donita McClintic: I just want you to
Richelle Direny: come face to face with, you know, it's kind of like I'm
Richelle Direny: Like let's say everybody was telling you everything bad about him. But what you saw was a little bit different. So then you get together and
Donita McClintic: Everything is all wonderful and
Richelle Direny: Great. And right all the sun is shining bright and
Donita McClintic: The birds are chirping right
Richelle Direny: Everything so wonderful.
Donita McClintic: You know, life is just one way.
Richelle Direny: But then eventually
Donita McClintic: A storm right
Richelle Direny: Are you ready, you know, are you strong enough to
Donita McClintic: Deal with yeah that's what I'm saying to think
Donita McClintic: About because right
Richelle Direny: You know, it's just remembering what was the reason why you left in the first place.
Richelle Direny: Why, remind yourself why you chose you.
Richelle Direny: What is it about this life and everything, why you chose it. And I want you to hold on to that for their
Donita McClintic: Dear life. Right, right. Okay, I got it. Yeah. Like, I mean, there's like I was basically homeless like being down there with them and I'm not
Donita McClintic: I'm yeah I'm 42 years old. I've had it all once before and I you know my addiction. I lost it all and I'm ready to I want to be a part of society. Again, like I've not been a part of society for four years and I'm ready.
Richelle Direny: How long have you been part of society now.
Donita McClintic: For like almost a month, which I won't even go fine.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so how do you feel being part of society.
Donita McClintic: Good. I do. I don't have that, like my anxieties, not like it was like I can go in the public in the daytime.
Donita McClintic: Which before I didn't do that. I would wait till like two, three in the morning to go to Walmart, but I've been getting out and
Donita McClintic: Yeah, so it makes me feel better. Like I feel like I accomplished something even though it's like something small. I accomplished it and it makes me feel good you feel good. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Yes, I do.
Donita McClintic: Um, what
Richelle Direny: Do you like the feeling you get when you, when those feelings of being now.
Donita McClintic: Yes.
Richelle Direny: Yeah yeah out in the day.
Donita McClintic: It's been. I mean, I went out today. And I mean, I like it like it's kind of like when I went to when I had a job, you know, waiting.
Donita McClintic: On because I ran it, I run some errands for my mom earlier today and it's coming home. And, you know, bringing everything in made me feel like I just got back from work, like it was a good feeling like I feel like I
Donita McClintic: Contributed to, you know what I mean, like, that's how it made me feel
Donita McClintic: Yeah, and it made me feel good. I like it. Even something as small as me helping my mom take out her dogs. She has great Danes and if you fungus and a dragger
Donita McClintic: Like I hope to do that. And that makes me feel good about myself because I actually got up and done something instead of just sit there and do nothing. Yeah. So I like it. I like it. And I'm not, I'm not giving it back up. I don't plan on giving them back up. Yeah, that's why.
Donita McClintic: I think that's the thing.
Richelle Direny: And the reason why I want you to think about all of that it's thinking about for every even, like you said, even though it's small, just think about for every little thing that you did.
Richelle Direny: That you not just contributed to someone else or to help someone else or whatever it is that you do and your foot smelling the
Richelle Direny: Fresh air, all of this because I know one of the things was being it
Donita McClintic: So now that yeah all of this and you're seeing
Richelle Direny: Oh wow, I look, I really like this. I really like. I mean, the world has his troubles. Don't get me wrong. And it's always going
Donita McClintic: To have right and it's always
Richelle Direny: stressors and it's temptations and all of that, like, you're never going to be rid of that.
Richelle Direny: Like, you know, it's just the right
Donita McClintic: Route
Richelle Direny: For what you can enjoy. It's just
Donita McClintic: If you try
Richelle Direny: I want you to just keep that feeling like every little thing that you do and just what draw joy. It brought you and remember that.
Richelle Direny: And that's thinking that you might end is that you said you're going to try not
Richelle Direny: To give it up.
Richelle Direny: It's not to say I'm not gonna give it up.
Donita McClintic: Because right
Richelle Direny: You know, you may not. But it's just, you're going to try your deadline.
Richelle Direny: Because the more you perfect it
Donita McClintic: Yeah yeah
Richelle Direny: So, I mean, that's good. And so those are the little things. It's kind of like jotting it down. It's like keeping a little diary and I know I often
Donita McClintic: Suggest it
Richelle Direny: That's one is at it, it's a different thing, but it is to, you know, journal
Donita McClintic: What you said to me was
Richelle Direny: I do that.
Richelle Direny: But it's a great. Oh, yes. I remember you say you write down
Donita McClintic: Everything to help you remember
Donita McClintic: You do right now.
Donita McClintic: But
Richelle Direny: Things that that's a great starter in your journal is for four years, you weren't a part of society for four years you chuck because of your you chose and you are in this
Richelle Direny: This life of or the season of active addiction everything that you had everything that you enjoyed at the time you lost it simply because of you choosing this life.
Donita McClintic: That you enter right
Richelle Direny: And now you're realizing that this life. It seems fun at the time, but the reality is it really wasn't all that fun
Donita McClintic: No, no, it wasn't at all.
Richelle Direny: So then it's now that you're trying to regain
Richelle Direny: Your life.
Richelle Direny: And so far, you like the feeling it comes with. It's just holding on to that.
Donita McClintic: Trouble will cry.
Richelle Direny: On to it's okay if it comes
Donita McClintic: It's fine. Right. Okay. That's those big potholes in the road. Remember, remember, you tell me about the potholes in the road, I remember to and I think that when something comes up.
Donita McClintic: Off things that, like I come back to our conversation, which was a while ago, but I i do I stop and I think that what would Rochelle say it's like, yeah, yeah, we're going to take out the pothole or take the car out in the pothole like stop and I think
Richelle Direny: You're going to find a way to go. Right. Or, you know, like, it's so you know like when you even with the analogy of the potholes. It's like, you can. There are some potholes that are small and there's some holes that are huge.
Richelle Direny: In the ones that are you, it's that sometimes you have no there's no way of getting around it, you have to
Donita McClintic: Like if you think about it.
Richelle Direny: In the literal sense
Richelle Direny: A pothole in the road, sometimes there's no way for you to get the car around it. What are you going to do and then cause more damages.
Richelle Direny: Are you
Donita McClintic: Got it down. You got to
Richelle Direny: Take it, take it to a real good call and take your time to get through it because if I go if I speed through this. I'm causing more way more damages.
Donita McClintic: Then I really need to. So, yes.
Richelle Direny: Lonely. Take your yeah you and how to slowly take it.
Richelle Direny: Is you guys something you have to think, how do I get through this. Right.
Richelle Direny: And that's what, that's how do I really get through this.
Donita McClintic: How can I maneuver it. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: I'm a new version. And if I can't how
Donita McClintic: Can I get
Richelle Direny: Still be successful on the other side of it right
Donita McClintic: Yeah, and that's how I've been doing my problems. Yeah, I mean that's how I've been trying to, you know, set my mind to like I stopped and I think about it before I just react. Yeah, so
Donita McClintic: Because that's how I've been doing it.
Richelle Direny: Like you said you went through a little patch. Think about the little patch that you went through when you were offered what you thought was speed.
Donita McClintic: But it didn't really see
Richelle Direny: How did you feel
Richelle Direny: In that
Richelle Direny: You did it.
Richelle Direny: The temptation.
Donita McClintic: Same
Richelle Direny: And you convince yourself that it's okay. You talked yourself into. It's okay. But then after right
Richelle Direny: You surrender to those feelings in those thoughts. How did you feel after and
Donita McClintic: During the past. Oh, yeah.
Richelle Direny: And after that.
Donita McClintic: How did you feel horrible. I felt horrible. I felt like a failure. Again, really. I mean, that's how it made me feel it makes me so mad at myself. Yeah, and I don't
Donita McClintic: I mean, I know that I have in order for me to stay
Donita McClintic: Clean and what I have to, I don't have friends. I mean, I have family. I don't. I never really had friends. I have a big family. And we that's just who I associated with my family's who you know where I got on drugs that part of
Donita McClintic: My family, which I don't associate with anymore. So I know that in order for me to stay on the right path that I have to
Donita McClintic: Just let him go and worry about myself. Like, I know that. And that like
Donita McClintic: Because I thought I was strong enough, like with being with Mark if I was still to be down there and he goes and does stuff like there's sometimes, it didn't bother me at all. But there's other times where I was like, well,
Donita McClintic: I want to do that to, like, you know, if I wasn't feeling well or whatever he does speed. That's what Mark That's what my husband does. Um, but it just
Donita McClintic: I don't know, I just, I tried to, um, I don't have no reason to go back where he is. And I just want. I need to make new friends and real friends. I like knock someone because you know when you do drugs, everybody's friend.
Donita McClintic: Your best friend. Yeah. Yeah. And I learned that
Richelle Direny: Um,
Donita McClintic: Yeah, so I need to talk to him saying, well, now get now you can't really get out, you know, we can only go to the store if we need to. But
Donita McClintic: I just enjoy being a home. I mean, that's where I grew. This is where I grew up. I'm back in my old bedroom. You know, when I was a teenager. It's like, it's like how yeah and then I like, I love it. I do.
Richelle Direny: I love it. It's okay. I mean after like right now because you're away, it's different, like right now everything is different. It's kind of like you move into a new place when you first moved into the
Richelle Direny: New way. Or let's say you move back into your whole family place in which you what you're doing now.
Richelle Direny: It's different from the situation in the circumstances that you lived in or the temptation was real, they're
Richelle Direny: dragging you down right it's it feels good. It's like
Donita McClintic: Oh, yes.
Richelle Direny: You know, I think about it best. Actually, you're in a job that is horrible. You hate it, you have you ate every minute of the job.
Richelle Direny: You get a new job. And they're like, oh,
Richelle Direny: It's so great.
Donita McClintic: Wonderful. I'm in heaven right
Richelle Direny: Do you think you're in heaven at the new job.
Donita McClintic: Because you like it it's it's not
Richelle Direny: Like it it's it's that you're no longer
Donita McClintic: In that
Richelle Direny: Old job.
Donita McClintic: Right, right.
Donita McClintic: That's why is it yes then
Richelle Direny: Eventually you're going to see the quirks that this has which is everything has its problems, its own set of problems that might not be the same intensity but right now it feels great. But you also have to prepare yourself and have like your toolbox, like I always say of
Richelle Direny: coping skills so little issues come up, then you will know how to address it, but you have to learn how to identify them.
Richelle Direny: And knowing right it's like you have a flat head phillips head you have wrench. You have all these tools a flat head can't be used for everything a Phillips head can't be right. It has to fit the right problem.
Donita McClintic: And that's how you're cold right well
Richelle Direny: It has to be able to fit the right issues that come up. And so, you know, in saying all of that, um,
Richelle Direny: You know, it's just really truly preparing and when you said you know you thought you were strung out. I have this question for you. How many years when you were in active addiction. How many years was that
Donita McClintic: Three, three years.
Donita McClintic: Well, wait a minute. No, no, no. I'm on again probably 10 years 10 years
Okay. So you went, yeah.
Donita McClintic: Well, from the time I started the pain pills, which were prescribed. I had to have his direct to me until I got help was like is about 10 years. So yeah, it took a long time to get there.
Richelle Direny: Okay, because you're talking about active addiction. I'm trying to become sober, then relaxing trying relaxing.
Richelle Direny: So for 10 years
Richelle Direny: You have use these chemicals.
Richelle Direny: In your body that your body, your tissues. Your where everything has gotten used to this everything your body is saying this is not my normal. This is what I enjoy
Richelle Direny: This is what I like because you've taught your body to you've trained your body to like right you've trained your body
Donita McClintic: To grow.
Richelle Direny: On all of these substances. Now this is the other question. How long have now at this point.
Richelle Direny: How long have you been on the road to recovery.
Donita McClintic: From not counting my last little relapse. No.
Donita McClintic: Not, not your little bit i'm not
Donita McClintic: Going to include this little patch, but
Donita McClintic: How long have you been okay so 18 months.
Richelle Direny: Okay 10 years
Richelle Direny: Now here it has known and loved and have gotten addicted to these things that you've been putting in
Richelle Direny: To 18 months.
Richelle Direny: Would you say you, your body has been to that place of I'm strong enough, I could do it has it.
Richelle Direny: Because for years. This is all I know.
Richelle Direny: It right can you expect in 18 months that I'm going to be at that place where I can walk into a room and I can say there is nothing you could tell me to take this
Richelle Direny: Because you're doing 10 years to 18 months. What, what it is is that after a year of what they call
Richelle Direny: In the when you're looking at the the the cycle of addiction with your pre contemplation contemplation and all of this when you're looking at. I'm in active recovery.
Richelle Direny: Is I think after eight if after a year after 12 months of consecutive um, you know, clean time is when they look at your inactive recover. Like, you're, you're, you know,
Richelle Direny: You're pretty much an actor.
Richelle Direny: That's a year.
Richelle Direny: Now you're saying one year in six months.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, that's 18 months one year and
Donita McClintic: Six months. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Is that you've been an active recovery, you take baby steps.
Richelle Direny: Right steps is if like I am hanging out with you and I'm drinking a glass of wine.
Richelle Direny: And you're like, You know what, and I offer to you and you're like, You know what, Rochelle that that it's not and you're refusing in comparison to you saying, hey, Rochelle. Let's go to the bar. Let me see if I'm strong enough to handle this.
Richelle Direny: Right.
Donita McClintic: You understand, yeah.
Baby
Richelle Direny: And so if
Richelle Direny: We try to test the waters when you're just learning how to swim and you decide, hey, I can jump into the deep I could survive. No, they're not going to survive.
Donita McClintic: Because you
Richelle Direny: Know, learning how to tread waters, because for so many years, you had taught your mind and your body to get adjusted to this new normal.
Donita McClintic: So you have to take
Richelle Direny: Baby steps to everything that you do. So in this case, for whatever the full circumstances as to why you moved out of your moved away from your husband back at
Richelle Direny: Home good step for you because it goes to show you that here it is something was presented to you and you were not strong enough to with to resist and it also says that whoever offered IT TO YOU AND GAVE IT TO YOU HAD NO RESPECT.
Richelle Direny: For great
Donita McClintic: And what she wanted. And right and that's what I try to tell my husband, like he and he doesn't he doesn't care. I mean, he doesn't. You don't care. And that's another thing that I can't, I'm not going to be with somebody that
Donita McClintic: I mean, I know he has to want to you know get help and whatever all he said I can't make him do that. I know that. But, um,
Donita McClintic: He's I don't think you'll ever do it. Honestly, I really don't. I don't think you'll ever get clean and I'm not and I should have known this before we got married, but I thought I was. I don't know, I just thought that I could do it, but I'm better than that. And I don't want nothing bad
Richelle Direny: Today,
Donita McClintic: You're in a different place. Yes. Right.
Richelle Direny: You're in a
Richelle Direny: different place than you are. I'm yesterday in comparison to today.
Richelle Direny: Today is what you fries.
Richelle Direny: Tomorrow, instead of troubles.
Richelle Direny: Right, yeah.
Richelle Direny: You're the whole nother troubles and setup for tomorrow. You can't worry about that.
Donita McClintic: You got to worry about. Yeah. I live in. Yeah, it's one day at a time. Yeah, I've learned. Yeah.
Donita McClintic: One day, that's all I do. I
Donita McClintic: Yep. Yeah, that's how I that's how I've been living, it's one day at a time. Yeah. And I've also i mean
Donita McClintic: I've been helping like since I've been out here at my parents. I've also been helping out. He used to be an old landlord of mine back 1012 years ago.
Donita McClintic: It's probably been longer than that. But anyway, he's 82 and he doesn't have anybody to help him. So I've been helping them out, like, you know, taking dirty dishes, stuff like that, running errands for him also
Donita McClintic: And so i mean it's it's kind of like a job because he's paying me to do it like so much an hour when I help him. So that's also another thing that that is like going good, because I've not worked a job job since
Donita McClintic: 2007. It's been a while.
Donita McClintic: Doesn't seven, I think.
Donita McClintic: I mean I babysat and stuff like that. But like actual company was 2017 I have for college degrees.
Donita McClintic: I gotta go. I'm supposed to go on April 7 to get my teeth done. So that's another thing that's also why I kind of stayed out of the public in
Donita McClintic: Whatever because of my mouth, but I go on supposed to April 7 but Ohio put the thing where you're supposed to stay at home until the 30th of April. So I don't know if they're still going to do that or not.
Richelle Direny: It goes on to the dental I know here in Florida. They like all the dentist, because like my dentist called me like I swear it 10 times to reschedule the appointment.
Richelle Direny: And I think now, they're not doing. Yeah.
Donita McClintic: Like sometime in May.
Donita McClintic: Is when they're reopening the den. Yeah.
Donita McClintic: So, but either way. I'm yeah yeah
Richelle Direny: But you can find out, but I do know this. And I could tell you if it's some
Donita McClintic: If you know with your
Richelle Direny: Dental stuff. If it's something that kind of puts a downer on you. I know when you get it done. It's going to give you some boost in your self esteem.
Donita McClintic: Yeah yeah
Richelle Direny: I know it will again, it's still about
Richelle Direny: You know, even though it will give you your boosting your self esteem is still working on you, you
Donita McClintic: And you can only do I think you can only
Richelle Direny: Write you is doing that daily identifying those things.
Richelle Direny: That
Richelle Direny: overwhelms you
Donita McClintic: And
Richelle Direny: Then apply those things that overwhelm you, though.
You know,
Richelle Direny: And I think I want to make it a part of, like, your treatment plan because that's another
Richelle Direny: Thing that I wanted to
Donita McClintic: Discuss with you. It's kind of like
Richelle Direny: Your treatment plan. And then we're going to review.
Donita McClintic: It in a few months.
Richelle Direny: Just to kind of see what that is that
Richelle Direny: That we meet, you're going to self report on through each of our encounters when we meet it's identifying those emotional like those thoughts, um, that, you know, like one of the
Donita McClintic: Some of the things that you struggle.
Richelle Direny: With
Donita McClintic: Whether it's
Richelle Direny: You know, the thoughts or
Richelle Direny: What are some things that you struggle with for you that kind of puts you
Richelle Direny: In that state of mind of going kind of taking
Richelle Direny: Like a step back, like what are some things that you struggle with.
Donita McClintic: Just my like why parents with my mouth and stuff that bothers me.
Donita McClintic: My where I don't have transportation and stuff like I don't like being a nuisance to people like asking. I don't like asking for help. Really with anything. I'm used to being the ones that help people. So for me to ask for help.
Donita McClintic: It's hard for me to do if I ask someone for help. It's because I really need it or I wouldn't
Donita McClintic: Do it. I'm
Richelle Direny: So, and so this is what I am, because I know one of the things is
Richelle Direny: Your maybe identifying the those things that increases your social anxiety.
Donita McClintic: Okay. I mean, because
Richelle Direny: I'd like what you identify like your appearance.
Richelle Direny: You, you're afraid to really go out in public because you
Richelle Direny: You're my you wonder what people are thinking about you and
Richelle Direny: saying about you. Right. So, and I know one of the reason why you isolated a lot is because you didn't want the world to look at you and judge you based on your past and people at the
Richelle Direny: Reality is they worried about you're looking at you, but your son.
Donita McClintic: I know
Richelle Direny: You're so self.
Richelle Direny: conscious about it.
Donita McClintic: That, um,
Donita McClintic: Yeah, it makes you become
Richelle Direny: Very anxious in and it
Richelle Direny: stops you from wanting to go out in the world.
Donita McClintic: So one of the goals is that, yeah.
Richelle Direny: I those things that increases your social anxiety that will affect your recovery, um,
Richelle Direny: So you're going to
Richelle Direny: We're going to report that in every time that we meet
Donita McClintic: Okay. All right.
Um,
Richelle Direny: What is something
Donita McClintic: Else that you
Donita McClintic: Do
Richelle Direny: For you. Do you think that improving the relationship
Richelle Direny: With your
Richelle Direny: Your parents
Richelle Direny: Is something
Donita McClintic: That you want to also work.
On
Donita McClintic: Yes. Yes. Big time. That's what that would be my next big thing that might even be like bigger than my appearance.
Donita McClintic: Is working with my parents.
Okay.
Richelle Direny: What about the
Donita McClintic: Working on the relationship with your parents.
Donita McClintic: Is big time because you said
Donita McClintic: that's bigger than your social anxiety, just because of like how, like I said before, I can't imagine getting a phone call, because I have children. I can't imagine getting a phone call.
Donita McClintic: Telling me that one of my kids has overdosed and isn't breathing so that that bothers me of what I what I've done to him by that like
Donita McClintic: I can't imagine how it made them feel. And I just, I feel guilty. I feel guilty about it. Like, I mean, they know I'm not that same person today, but I still
Donita McClintic: I'm a worrier I have worried. My whole life about everything. I mean, things that is not in my control. I mean, I'm talking like the smallest silliest thing I worried to death. I always idolized that working myself to death. I probably really will do that. And I try
Donita McClintic: To let things go and not, you know, like for instance the weather. Okay, I worry if it's storming we're going to have a tornado.
Donita McClintic: I mean, it's just like small things that, you know, chances are, where I'm at. We probably won't. But, I mean, there's a chance we could, and I just worry about stuff like that. So where I overdosed and stuff. I just I just worry about my parents.
Donita McClintic: And I mean, since I've been out here, our relationship has gotten better.
Donita McClintic: Because before, really. I wasn't hardly even talking to them because I was ashamed of my side didn't know what to say to them, or if they're judging me or you know not judging me. But if they
Donita McClintic: You know, felt different about me since that happened, but I talked to them about it. So when I first came out here and it, uh, you know, my mom. They just, I mean they don't hate me, which, you know, a part of me thought maybe they did.
Donita McClintic: But I'm not hate me. But you know what I mean. Um,
Donita McClintic: But I did talk to him about it, which was hard to do, but I done it. We had I did talk to him and I cried, and it's
Donita McClintic: You know, and I said, well, I can't live in the past, you know, none of us can live in the past. So I just wanted to address it and see how they felt about it and you know get and then just leave it there, like you said, in our last meeting, so that's that's what
Donita McClintic: I'm putting
Richelle Direny: Where it is it's working, you want to work on improving the relationship with your parents and how you're going to do that is that I'm going to recommend that we really try to keep to, you know, at least maybe bi weekly
Richelle Direny: Meeting for the next two months. And in that we will talk about how, like, what efforts have you made.
Donita McClintic: To make baby steps in working
Donita McClintic: On the relationship guy.
Richelle Direny: That's the reality of it like you
Donita McClintic: Said,
Donita McClintic: You're talking about 10
Richelle Direny: Years of inactive recovery and so
Donita McClintic: They just roller coaster ride with you because oftentimes when
Richelle Direny: You're in active recovery. You think you're the
Richelle Direny: Only one on the roller coaster ride. It's you and everybody
Richelle Direny: That says a lot right
Richelle Direny: They've been on this ride with you.
Richelle Direny: The
Donita McClintic: Only differences. Right.
Richelle Direny: are fully aware of the ride.
Richelle Direny: And they are feeling every
Richelle Direny: Turn every
Donita McClintic: Twice every dip.
Richelle Direny: Whereas you
Richelle Direny: Are songs
Richelle Direny: Out.
Richelle Direny: And so you're not feeling it. All right.
Richelle Direny: On there with them. It's kind of like you're the
Donita McClintic: Car that's taking them all these twists and turns so
Richelle Direny: You're not feeling it. You don't know what it's doing. Right.
Richelle Direny: But they're feeling every bit of
Richelle Direny: It. And so now
Richelle Direny: That you recognize that your
Richelle Direny: eyes have been opened, and you're like, Oh, crap.
Donita McClintic: This is
Donita McClintic: Like I don't wanna
Richelle Direny: I don't want to stay on this ride anymore. I want to get off.
Richelle Direny: And so
Donita McClintic: Right off.
Richelle Direny: They get off but now they get off. So the last time.
Donita McClintic: I went on. I went to
Richelle Direny: Hear, they call it Busch Gardens.
And
Richelle Direny: I call her my god daughter.
Donita McClintic: Took we took her he went on this.
Donita McClintic: Roller coaster ride.
Donita McClintic: And I don't really care for them.
Richelle Direny: Especially when you get older, because
Donita McClintic: It makes you feel horrible.
Richelle Direny: She wanted. They wanted to go on. It sounds like. All right, let's go on. And I'll go on it with you.
Richelle Direny: I don't know what possessed me.
Donita McClintic: To get to
Richelle Direny: Know you
Richelle Direny: Right. And it took a
Donita McClintic: Little time
Donita McClintic: To Nina.
Richelle Direny: Nina.
Donita McClintic: That thing. So she
Richelle Direny: Heard me call his name. I called his name.
Donita McClintic: Oh my goodness.
Richelle Direny: Oh my, for every for every I'm like oh god why I was talking to
Donita McClintic: God, the whole time I was on
There.
Donita McClintic: And I'm like,
Richelle Direny: If you give me
You know when you're
Richelle Direny: When you're in the pit.
Richelle Direny: You promising got all kinds of crap.
So,
Donita McClintic: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: When I got off that right
I wanted
I wanted to pass out.
Donita McClintic: What you think
Donita McClintic: But you think
Donita McClintic: Because I can remember years that your daughter's going to have forever as a memory your daughter that he made with your daughter that she can look back on forever. That's awesome.
Richelle Direny: I came off of it feeling horrible.
Richelle Direny: My, my, my
Richelle Direny: Friend, my God, daughter, she got off of it.
Richelle Direny: She was about to pass out.
Donita McClintic: Or versus
Donita McClintic: Oh,
Richelle Direny: Like you look at her. She's the
Donita McClintic: Final okay
Donita McClintic: Okay.
Richelle Direny: I'm just using that analogy to think about
Donita McClintic: Right, but
Richelle Direny: We'll get on this one. You're an active recovery.
Richelle Direny: You're like, You're pumped.
Richelle Direny: Because you because you're under the
Donita McClintic: Influence
Richelle Direny: You're just
Donita McClintic: On the high speed.
Richelle Direny: is hot. You don't feel out of
Richelle Direny: Everybody else loves you and wants to
Donita McClintic: support you in
Richelle Direny: It get on it. They got their coming
Donita McClintic: off of it when you get to that, that's how they're feeling
Richelle Direny: They're feeling like their life.
Richelle Direny: And so now
Richelle Direny: When you said
Richelle Direny: Okay, I want to change. It's going to take some time for them to get there with
Richelle Direny: How
Donita McClintic: Right.
Donita McClintic: You can work on this relationship is
Donita McClintic: All based
Richelle Direny: On how you go about it.
Donita McClintic: And it means that
Richelle Direny: Daily
Richelle Direny: You have to identify those things.
Donita McClintic: That put you in an emotional and mental state.
Donita McClintic: Of mind of repressed.
Richelle Direny: That once that it
Donita McClintic: Ties it
Richelle Direny: Back down this this this
Donita McClintic: Journey of addiction or the root of it.
And so
Donita McClintic: In the next
Donita McClintic: I would say two months for every time that we
Donita McClintic: Meet i think you know
Donita McClintic: Working through that.
Richelle Direny: Then you identify
Richelle Direny: What are some things
Donita McClintic: That you have been joined work on
Donita McClintic: Improving the relationship with your peers.
Richelle Direny: Know you're not going
Donita McClintic: To your life in guilt.
Richelle Direny: And have guilt.
Richelle Direny: Because it is what it is. It
Donita McClintic: Happened. It's past
Richelle Direny: We got off the right
Richelle Direny: I'm starting to feel a little better.
Richelle Direny: I just need a little water to
Donita McClintic: Drink
Donita McClintic: I need somebody to find me.
Richelle Direny: I need something
Donita McClintic: But it's just
Richelle Direny: What are some things like, what are you
Richelle Direny: Doing to help you.
Richelle Direny: And
Richelle Direny: There are times while you're on.
Richelle Direny: This journey.
Donita McClintic: To
Richelle Direny: Work on yourself.
Donita McClintic: And improve the relationship with your
Richelle Direny: Family or your parents.
Donita McClintic: You're going to feel a sense of guilt.
Richelle Direny: They're going to remind you
Donita McClintic: Of the things that you've done.
Richelle Direny: And it's going to make you feel horrible.
Richelle Direny: Because like I reminded
Donita McClintic: My
Richelle Direny: Your reason why I got on this stupid, right in the
Donita McClintic: First place.
Donita McClintic: It's your fault.
Donita McClintic: That but
Donita McClintic: You know,
Richelle Direny: You're looking like
Richelle Direny: You had your choice, you
Richelle Direny: Have to do it.
Donita McClintic: And that's kind of how
Donita McClintic: You see that back and forth conversation.
Richelle Direny: And that's and that's just kind of how
Donita McClintic: It is
Donita McClintic: So you have to
Donita McClintic: You know, work on
Richelle Direny: First yourself.
Donita McClintic: That's what you have to work on first.
Richelle Direny: And how you
Donita McClintic: First and foremost,
Richelle Direny: Is identify
Donita McClintic: Those things that make you
Richelle Direny: feel overwhelmed that puts you in anguish.
Donita McClintic: That makes you
Richelle Direny: Feel like you know what, maybe going back on.
Donita McClintic: Any type of drugs.
Richelle Direny: Going to make me feel better.
Donita McClintic: Than I'm feeling right if
Donita McClintic: We have to first identify it in each of our sessions.
Richelle Direny: You learn to process all
Donita McClintic: Of that
Richelle Direny: Because we need to show
Donita McClintic: The knife, you need to sharpen it
Richelle Direny: Every so often that I have
Richelle Direny: No, stay sharp forever.
Donita McClintic: You gotta sharpen it right. It's the same way we are coping skills. We have to
Donita McClintic: Sharpen those
Donita McClintic: That toolbox and so
Donita McClintic: You know, the work through it.
Donita McClintic: Through your self report, whether
Richelle Direny: An individual or group.
Donita McClintic: You're going to work through
Donita McClintic: My phone. My phone might die. It's not me. Okay. It says it's got. I got a I got 8% left
Okay.
Donita McClintic: Yeah.
Donita McClintic: Probably on a computer.
Donita McClintic: Yeah, just if
Donita McClintic: It's if it's searching for why find
Donita McClintic: Another thing that will kill it that, wow.
Okay.
Donita McClintic: And just
Richelle Direny: What about, you know, let's work on
Richelle Direny: building your own self confidence that you can do it.
Donita McClintic: OK. OK.
Donita McClintic: OK.
Richelle Direny: That's a big yes you can do
Donita McClintic: It.
Richelle Direny: You are a warrior you've
Donita McClintic: Done it you've overcome you
Donita McClintic: Are where you are right now.
Richelle Direny: And so
Richelle Direny: It's reminding yourself with
Donita McClintic: Those positive self talk every day.
Richelle Direny: Is that
Richelle Direny: It's to build your self confidence.
Donita McClintic: Okay, okay, that we would we would either address it.
Richelle Direny: And one of
Richelle Direny: The one of the ways to build your
Donita McClintic: Self Confidence daily
Richelle Direny: Just have those positive
Donita McClintic: Statements, and she makes here so
Richelle Direny: You know, regardless of
Richelle Direny: Your teeth or your hair or
Donita McClintic: Your tool for what I am.
Donita McClintic: I am worth something. Something to myself.
Donita McClintic: Non tech everybody else but myself in my creator
Donita McClintic: Let me see what we
Donita McClintic: Can we can meet next
Richelle Direny: We can meet
You do group on the fourth
Donita McClintic: Yes. On Tuesdays.
Richelle Direny: We can meet on the 16th.
Okay.
Donita McClintic: I'll send you a reminder that will mean on this.
Donita McClintic: But just
Donita McClintic: You're welcome.
Richelle Direny: But just keep up the good work. You know, like I
Donita McClintic: Said,
Richelle Direny: If you feel like you need that.
Donita McClintic: extra support.
Richelle Direny: You can always reach out
Richelle Direny: And we can schedule a session.
Richelle Direny: Um, but
Donita McClintic: You know, that's just continue to
Richelle Direny: Think of the reasons why.
Donita McClintic: You moved out of your house and your husband, because if you feel like it wasn't a good support and he was continue to relax always think about that.
Okay.
Donita McClintic: I will. Okay.
Donita McClintic: All right. Well, thank you very much and you stay safe.
Donita McClintic: You to save you, too.
Donita McClintic: Bye bye.
Tyler B: How are you, I'm good. How are you, I'm not too bad.
Tyler B: Okay.
Richelle Direny: Cold
Tyler B: What's that
Richelle Direny: Do you have a cold.
Tyler B: Know, I've, I've got multiple sclerosis. So I have my good days and I have my bad days.
Tyler B: Seems
Tyler B: To be one of those rough phones.
Richelle Direny: Oh ok ok ok
Richelle Direny: Now you you come to the group. The first Tuesday, the first
Richelle Direny: Tuesday of the month. Right.
Tyler B: Correct. Yep.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so I guess you'll be improved next week.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, okay.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so what's up.
Richelle Direny: With everything in light of everything that's going on, you've been working from home.
Tyler B: I'm actually I was laid off for this week. And then our jobs going kind of a week to week basis.
Tyler B: On one they're going to bring us back. But it's looking like next week we'll probably start back
Richelle Direny: Oh, okay. Well, weren't you supposed to your living, um, you were in Kentucky, and then you move to Tennessee. Right.
Tyler B: No, I'm in. I'm actually in Michigan, but I was
Richelle Direny: But you're moving to where Tennessee.
Tyler B: Yep. I interviewed for that. And I haven't heard back and I think it's probably in light of everything that's happened so I hadn't heard back on that one yet.
Richelle Direny: Okay, okay. So for right now, you're pretty much where you are and you're going to be there until you hear from them.
Richelle Direny: Yep, you were only going to move just because of the job right.
Tyler B: Correct. Yep. Okay. Okay.
So,
Tyler B: We'll see how it goes.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so how was the family with the whole idea that they may not necessarily move again.
Tyler B: There. Okay, so I think it was kinda. Either way, you know, okay.
Richelle Direny: You have you have young children. Right.
Tyler B: Yeah. Yep.
Richelle Direny: And they're all working. They're all schooling from home.
Richelle Direny: Yep, how's that going so far.
That
Tyler B: That's a challenge, that's for sure.
Richelle Direny: It's a challenge for all of us, because some kids are some kids like some aspects of it. Other kids are just like, I'm ready to get out of the house.
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: So it's, it's, it's, I guess it's a given how old are your kids.
Tyler B: As six and 10
Tyler B: So,
Tyler B: Yeah, Germans.
Richelle Direny: The, is it more challenging for it with the six year old.
Tyler B: No, she's actually really
Tyler B: She's on top of it.
Tyler B: It's the older one that we
Tyler B: Struggle with a little bit
Okay.
Tyler B: She's got
Tyler B: Add so it's hard to keep her on track.
Tyler B: Okay, okay.
Richelle Direny: Hey, listen. Here's a challenge for everyone. Everyone hold on me. I'm pulling up your
Tyler B: Have you noticed things picking up
Tyler B: These been more busy now than you were before.
Richelle Direny: You know,
Richelle Direny: I would say
Richelle Direny: Yes, but not because of everybody being shut in
Richelle Direny: It takes a whole life. I feel like I'm a marketer, because it takes a whole lot of prompting and reminding and all of this, you know, things of that nature.
Richelle Direny: I think a lot of it.
Richelle Direny: I would think that things will be picking up because of the fact that everyone is home. But then the reality of it is, it's that from A to B, you know, either your insurance is paying for you to do it or you're paying cash. So, you know, everyone is probably
Richelle Direny: Being a little bit more arm you know mindful of how much they spend because, you know, some people are losing their jobs completely
Tyler B: Right.
Richelle Direny: Know that some jobs. What do they call it furlough where you still keep your benefits for X amount of time.
Tyler B: Yo, yo.
Richelle Direny: Or just some jobs or just, you know, just laying them off because you know they say the smaller companies are they may not recover from this at all.
Tyler B: Yeah, that's crazy.
Richelle Direny: So it's like a mixture of a little bit, you know, just the mixture. But we'll see. Cuz I thought hey you're home. So, you know, why not attend, but it's it i for me. I don't see an increase in volume because of this whole thing.
Richelle Direny: And you meet what Dr Fraga one someone right
Yep.
Okay.
Richelle Direny: I'm trying to I'm trying to look up your treatment plan to see
Richelle Direny: How often do you use to meet with God, when you met with her.
Tyler B: Once a month.
Tyler B: I believe
Oh yes, the treatment plan needs to be updated. Big time.
Tyler B: I don't think guys started with bright heart Intel
Tyler B: Oh, I bet it was October of last year.
Tyler B: But I've actually been on Suboxone now for almost 15 years. Yeah, six years.
Richelle Direny: Yes, I remember. And you said, like you're getting to that point. I remember when you were sharing your story. You're getting to that point where you kind of want to wean off because
Richelle Direny: For you, you said that you know it's going to the store and picking it up and everything that you got to go through with that. So you are at that point where
Richelle Direny: You want to start weaning from it. You said right
Tyler B: Um, I, I think I'm comfortable with where I'm at, for the time being.
Tyler B: But eventually, I'd like to get there, that's for sure.
Richelle Direny: Okay, okay, how much do you take per day.
Tyler B: 324 milligrams
Richelle Direny: Okay, okay. And in, in conjunction with you said it's a mess, right.
Tyler B: Yep.
Richelle Direny: Okay, and it doesn't interfere well for 16 years or 1516 years, it doesn't interfere with the medications that you take for it.
Tyler B: No, it doesn't.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so that's a good thing. That's a good thing.
Tyler B: Let's see here.
Tyler B: I think if anything it on my rougher days does provide some relief.
Richelle Direny: OK, now it shows here that there was a point in the beginning of the year that you were you attending marriage counseling once a week.
Tyler B: Yes, yes.
Tyler B: Men kind of
Tyler B: With the way things have gone and how black lives gotten busy we've kind of gotten away from doing that.
Richelle Direny: And you were waiting outside counselor.
Tyler B: Yes. Yep, but
Richelle Direny: Even with
Richelle Direny: Even with the weekly counseling at the time for whatever that it was going on in the relationship that brought about the word you both.
Richelle Direny: Said, You know what, we need to go to counseling.
Richelle Direny: For the time that you were going to constantly up until life kind of gotten the best of both of your times and you kind of stopped going. Do you find that there has been an improvement in terms of the communication and just kind of how you guys have been going about the relationship
Tyler B: Yeah, I think so.
Tyler B: I, I do.
Tyler B: It seems like we disagreements are further and further apart. Um, I know you'll always have some so
Richelle Direny: But if there's more intentionality in hearing each other's points of view and before because and that's, I mean, you know, with relationships. It's all about the communication.
Tyler B: Right, absolutely.
Richelle Direny: In the effectiveness of the Community communication and feeling heard
Tyler B: Yeah. Yep.
Richelle Direny: So, okay, now is it something that once things picks back up with with everything. Are you guys gonna go back
Tyler B: As I'm pretty sure that that's the the plan.
Tyler B: My wife's a nurse, so her schedule is just atrocious right now.
Richelle Direny: I know how is it, how is it there in Michigan.
Tyler B: It's rough, it's really, really rough here.
Tyler B: Well, I think we're fortunate to be in a more rural area, but over towards Detroit, it's it's scary.
Richelle Direny: Okay, but where you are, where she's up. She's a nurse in the hospital.
Yep.
Tyler B: It's she's we're just starting to see it starts climb so
Tyler B: Anything.
Richelle Direny: More hours.
Tyler B: Yeah, she has been she usually she's a nurse navigator
Tyler B: And she usually has a day shift no weekends, no holidays and now she's had to go in and start doing nights and things like that, in order to
Tyler B: provide relief.
Richelle Direny: I think that's what they've been
Richelle Direny: Doing asking a lot of people coming out of retirement to go hell.
Tyler B: Yeah. Yep.
Richelle Direny: So,
Richelle Direny: It is. And even if they're not helping within their own city or town because maybe it's not as bad they're having to go to different places to help
Richelle Direny: Now, do you, it says, I see that there was one point you were working on
Richelle Direny: To make it to your doctor. Where you going to the doctor week how often were you going to the doctor. That was one of the goals that you were working on
Tyler B: And
Tyler B: What did she put in there.
Richelle Direny: Well, this was back in November. It says, continue to make it to your doctor's appointment at some point. That was really hard for you to go
Yeah.
Tyler B: I think there's so far. And in between. And I've got so many of them have my primary care.
Tyler B: And I think at that point I was weekly with God and it just got to be too much, but I, I have been making my appointments and things have been going well that way.
Richelle Direny: I mean, yeah, yeah, yeah. Because you get it. Yeah. I mean, when it's all said and done, you know, when you have all of these, you have medical issues and all of that. You don't want to overwhelm yourself and
Tyler B: I mean,
Richelle Direny: You know, if it wasn't you were meeting and I think like you're in a good place. Because if you've been, you know, on this maintenance program for so many years. I mean, checking in.
Richelle Direny: What is it every other month or, you know, kind of checking in every three months. I think it's pretty it's pretty decent, but then I mean I think that will be pretty decent. I mean,
Richelle Direny: Where are you now in terms of not just in your sobriety. Are your recovery aren't just in life in general with how you're coping you handle digger different stressors. Where are you, do you feel at this point.
Tyler B: I think I've been able to do pretty well with it.
Tyler B: I have a stable family. I have a good support network.
Tyler B: I think I'm in a lot better place than I was 15 years ago, that's for sure.
Richelle Direny: And I'm in kind of one of the things that I had said to someone
Richelle Direny: When you look at, and I don't remember if I kind of use this analogy in our in the group that you were in, but it's like if you've been in active addiction for 15 years
Richelle Direny: And now you have been in active recovery for the last two years, sometimes we feel okay I'm strong. I can, I can do this. And I can do that. And the reality is, no, you're not that strong because
Richelle Direny: 15 years of active addiction. Two years. It just means that you're still, you're still on the boat, my friend.
Tyler B: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: You're not ready to Love. Love.
Richelle Direny: Hey, I could go hang out with my friends while they don't know you can't, I can't, can't
Richelle Direny: And so that, in comparison to you know where you are now in terms of stability and, you know, being able to identify who will be there for you.
Richelle Direny: Who you know is
Richelle Direny: Have a facade and don't really mean you well where are you with that.
Tyler B: I'm I'm doing well. I think
Tyler B: I've got outlets. I, I have people that I can reach out to
Tyler B: I do have other peers that I relate with that have had issues in the past.
Tyler B: Every now and again I do go to a meeting with one of one of my friends that I met when I first came here. Oh.
Tyler B: No.
Richelle Direny: No.
Tyler B: No, I've kind of backed off from doing anything was like I said every now and again him, and I'll attend the meeting.
Richelle Direny: Okay, okay.
Tyler B: With soul group that we use to relate with
Richelle Direny: So you said you've backed off, meaning that you were a sponsor. At one point, like helping people who are up on their recovery.
Tyler B: Yes, yes.
Richelle Direny: Okay, what is it, was it becoming too overwhelming for you in trying to manage your own life and everything that you had going on.
Tyler B: Yep, okay with the family and I mean I've worked 5060 hours a week, and it did get to be too much.
Richelle Direny: And that's good I and I think just naturally. You know, I think all of us. We just need to get to that point where we identify those moments in our life where we have to say no, I can't.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, I come first, my family, you know, is there. I really that that's more important to me and I need to balance my time and not feel overwhelmed and stressed.
Tyler B: Yep.
Richelle Direny: You know, that is that is truly where I think a lot of us falter because we don't
Richelle Direny: Know when to say no.
Tyler B: I agree.
Richelle Direny: Oh yeah, you
Richelle Direny: Want to help people.
Richelle Direny: Who is newly on that journey.
Richelle Direny: Or think or think that they have really arrived. You really want to be there to kind of tell them you know know let's take baby steps. Let's really understand each step.
Richelle Direny: As you you're you're on the journey.
Richelle Direny: Right, so
Richelle Direny: Now help me to understand what is called pet Paxson
Tyler B: Yep, that is the
Tyler B: Medicine. I use for my multiple sclerosis and it's
Tyler B: How it's been explained to me is it's basically a synthetic cerebral spinal fluid.
Tyler B: So it's almost like somebody who's ALLERGIC TO BEES where they'll get stung.
Tyler B: Time after time after time and it will eventually make it so
Tyler B: You're no longer allergic to it.
Tyler B: Because that's because that's kind of what multiple sclerosis is is it's your body fighting the Milan that covers your nerves.
Richelle Direny: OK. OK.
Richelle Direny: OK, now in arm. I mean, one of the things that I can put like in
Richelle Direny: How do you feel about, you know, you're still checking in for groups. One someone
Richelle Direny: And while I still of course will still like to get to know you, because it's, you know, from God to myself, and I don't know how long you were meeting with God for on a monthly basis. But, you know,
Richelle Direny: Kind of reading everything here and what you've accomplished and you know you've been on this journey for so many years it's checking in probably every
Richelle Direny: You know, let's go two months and then we'll see. And then we can increase it to every three months in there and you know we go from there.
Richelle Direny: You know, working on
Richelle Direny: Even like you, you know, your relationship issues and we all know no matter. I don't care if you're, you know, one of the things I love to do is talk to people like I have another job and I work with the senior population.
Richelle Direny: A lot of these couples have been married for like 6070 years so
Tyler B: That's crazy.
Richelle Direny: How'd you do it.
Tyler B: Yeah, absolutely.
Richelle Direny: Like how did you do it because why if it's a real struggle. It's a real struggle to get there.
Richelle Direny: And you know, you always hear you know communication or compromise, you know, you always hear that it's never all let's go on like you know hundred watts per day. And let's do this. And it's all about the date nights, you never really hear that
Richelle Direny: Nah, you always hear its compromise.
Tyler B: Or you
Richelle Direny: It's about the communication and it's about like knowing how to pick your battles like it's not everything that you need to address. And it's not everything you need to
Richelle Direny: You know, get into. So that is definitely something that you know every whatever time. It's just checking in, just even for your own self care with your relationship, being a parent and the challenges that because those are two big things that that would test anybody's face.
Tyler B: Oh, yeah.
Richelle Direny: And being a parent.
Richelle Direny: You know, I remember growing up in my parents used my mom used to always use these words. And when I was younger, I never, you know, I believe.
Richelle Direny: I brought you in this world and I could take you out.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, you got older, your life just a lot you can do that.
Tyler B: Right.
Richelle Direny: But then as you become a parent you learn
Richelle Direny: What those words meant like
Richelle Direny: What do you to make you feel like you get overwhelmed.
Tyler B: Right and
Richelle Direny: Even just with relationships. They're just really overwhelming.
Richelle Direny: So you don't having like those check ins, just to say, you know, in life, like what do you face. And how do you get through that and how is that sometimes challenging for you.
Richelle Direny: And what are some skills or suggestions and recommendations to help you to press through these challenging times because like now it comes
Richelle Direny: You know they are here, there's this little thing that was circulating where it was this. I don't know if you've seen the clip, but there was this this thing circulated. I think it even made the news about this guy he was being asked the question.
Richelle Direny: With this whole Corona thing it says, What would you
Richelle Direny: I think you had to say you had a choice to stay at home with either your wife to be locked in for X amount of time either with your wife on it. Be no a is with your wife or be in before the person can say what be was the guy also jumped to be the i don't i don't want to be locked in.
Tyler B: You
Richelle Direny: When you're because you're we're so used to being out of the house and being away from each other. Now we're forced to look at each other and
Richelle Direny: tolerate each other and now seeing everything and being a part of everything. And so, you know, those challenges as it comes up, you know, how do you get through that. How do you work through that.
Richelle Direny: So, you know, those are things that we can we can check in. But, um, let me ask you this for like, what are your self care routine that you're implementing
Richelle Direny: In this time.
Tyler B: I'm
Tyler B: Staying busy. I think that that's my biggest
Tyler B: You know, I've got a lot of projects that have put to the side for a long time, and it's really given me some time to actually go back after those projects.
Tyler B: So,
Tyler B: And I think
Richelle Direny: So work or just for your personal projects at
Tyler B: Just my home.
Tyler B: So,
Tyler B: I think it's this time off has actually been really good. But, um,
Tyler B: I've found if I can keep myself busy.
Tyler B: Both mentally mentally and physically that
Tyler B: Keeps me
Tyler B: Moving forward.
Richelle Direny: Okay, well, even in this time, especially with now how your
Richelle Direny: Your underlining medical illness its
Richelle Direny: Issues are. It's like you are having a difficult time this week. And, you know, what are some of the limitations and how do you get through that.
Tyler B: I think
Tyler B: Listen, until your body has a lot to do with that your body. I'll tell you when you're overdoing it.
Tyler B: That's kind of how I get through that when I need to when my body isn't tells me know I have to just sit down and relax and
Tyler B: Even though I'm not so used to doing that.
Richelle Direny: Relaxing in that you're better
You're better no
Tyler B: I
Richelle Direny: Think so much of US society has taught us that we always have to be on the move. We have to be on the move. We have to work. We have to provide we have to do this. So, sitting down, it's just like, oh my god, the clock is ticking. It's going slow.
Yeah.
Tyler B: So it's been nice though I've gotten to
Tyler B: Spend time with the kids and listen to their thoughts and it's been good.
Richelle Direny: And are they interesting thoughts.
Tyler B: Yeah, they are. They've been they've always got something that will amaze me, you know,
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Tyler B: What about
Richelle Direny: Do you find. Are you becoming a little bit more creative. Because, are you guys under a stay at home order there.
Tyler B: Yes, we are. Yeah, we have the. So one of the goals that I've had is to teach my daughter to cook basic items. So she's been we've been cooking the small things, you know, like
Tyler B: donuts or, you know, what did we do the other night.
Tyler B: Just basic waffles.
Tyler B: Eggs. That way, she can start learning the basics, so she can take care of herself, you know,
Richelle Direny: Your daughters, the oldest
Tyler B: Yeah. Yep.
Richelle Direny: Okay, okay. And you have taken on that that task to teach her how to do something in the kitchen.
Tyler B: Yep, I liked. I liked your own cooking.
Tyler B: That's good, that's good.
That is good.
Richelle Direny: Lady she, you know, learning how to do that.
Richelle Direny: Always a good thing. So what about the little one, he doesn't, you have a son and a daughter. Right. Nope.
Tyler B: Both honors
Richelle Direny: Oh, so what about the little one. She doesn't want to be a part of that whole venture
Tyler B: No. Not yet. Not yeah
Um,
Tyler B: She's kind of a bookworm, she would rather have her nose on book than anything so
Richelle Direny: Okay, well, very interesting. That's, um,
Tyler B: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: That's nice. To complete opposite. So one will be a chef in the kitchen.
Tyler B: Uh huh.
Richelle Direny: The other one will be speaking to the chef in the kitchen and using all these big words and then
Richelle Direny: She's looking like I have no clue what you're talking about.
Tyler B: Uh huh.
Richelle Direny: So that's a, that's a good thing.
Richelle Direny: That's a good thing. So what about. Have you guys been using this platform to just stay in contact and communication with the family outside
Tyler B: Yeah, actually.
Tyler B: That and those phone calls. Most of my side of the family actually lives in Utah, so
Tyler B: Frequent phone calls to make sure they're okay and
Tyler B: Um, I think right at the beginning of this to they had an earthquake out there so
Tyler B: Kind of crazy times
Richelle Direny: Oh, wow. Did they just have an earthquake in
Tyler B: in Salt Lake. Yep.
Richelle Direny: It was Utah. I did hear about it this morning. I didn't know. I thought it was another. It was a 6.5
Tyler B: Or something like that.
Richelle Direny: I can't hear you anymore.
Tyler B: It was a 5.6
Tyler B: K was a 5.6
Richelle Direny: It was a 5.6 earthquake.
Tyler B: Yep, so it did, it did some damage to some of the buildings and such.
Richelle Direny: Wow, nowhere close to where your family is
Tyler B: They all felt it. So within 30 miles of them probably
Richelle Direny: Wow.
Richelle Direny: Wow. Listen, I've never really truly felt an earthquake and where I'm from. They, they did have him.
Richelle Direny: But I never really felt it. I was always asleep during is what they would call them. They were tremors.
Uh huh. So
Richelle Direny: That's, that's it. Well, to go through this, the covert 19 an earthquake.
Richelle Direny: That's, that's pretty intense.
Tyler B: Yeah, was so I think if it would have been any bigger would have been
Tyler B: Once you get up into the sixes is where you get it gets scary. I think
Richelle Direny: I have they ever had one there.
Tyler B: Yeah, they do.
Tyler B: I don't think they've ever had one 6.4 I think is the biggest one, they had, and it was in like 1992
Tyler B: But most of the structures are fairly new there. So they all have earthquake proofing and things like that so
Richelle Direny: Oh, so that's so that's not something new to them.
Richelle Direny: makes their. It's not something new to them.
Tyler B: Know it's it's in the mountains and you're right along a fault line so
Tyler B: Oh yeah, mostly get a lot of little ones.
Richelle Direny: Wow, so you're very used to it when you were, you were, you were born and raised in Utah.
Tyler B: Yep.
Richelle Direny: Wow, so you're you're
Tyler B: quite used to all of that. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: It's amazing how depending on what side of the world you live on what your, your, what seems like the norm.
Tyler B: And to another.
Richelle Direny: Oh my gosh.
Richelle Direny: It's kind of like here in Florida, where we get
Richelle Direny: Hurricanes.
Tyler B: Yeah, that's scary.
Richelle Direny: It is not as scary as people think it is not even that bad, like it was last year we were supposed to get the monstrosity of a hurricane.
Tyler B: And
Richelle Direny: We all locked down boarded up in everything, and the most we got was a little wind and rain.
Tyler B: Hmm. And then that was it.
Richelle Direny: And we were all ready for it.
Tyler B: To be ready.
Richelle Direny: For a few weeks and that wasn't nothing happened.
Richelle Direny: It's and that's where it stopped in the Bahamas and it just decided to die right and will harness
Richelle Direny: Yep, so it never heard of it.
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: It did real damage is in the Bahamas.
Richelle Direny: It's sat on the Bahamas and you're talking about hundred and 50 miles an hour wind
Richelle Direny: It quite a lot in the Bahamas. But here it does. It's not even. It's not even that I actually don't mind them because, you know, kind of like, now you get to it's it's it's it's amazing because when it's a hurricane. We all kind of like peek through through a hole in the window to see it.
Tyler B: Right.
Richelle Direny: What are you looking at wind and rain.
Richelle Direny: That's really all we're looking at this window.
Richelle Direny: The window, unless the trees are blown
Tyler B: Right, so
Tyler B: So that's, that's how exciting life here is in Florida.
Tyler B: So, oh, are you in the northern part or Southern part or Southern southern
Richelle Direny: Southern part
Richelle Direny: Of Florida. I went to the end of the United States, a few years ago.
Richelle Direny: Which is the peak of Florida, the very, very tip. Well, yeah, where they which is Florida where they technically tell you that is the the end of the United States when you really look at the map and you look at the state of Florida and kind of how we hang off the map.
Richelle Direny: Yes, there's a seven mile bridge to the keys, which is a bridge that connects the island, the keys to the rest of the United States. Technically, and it's a seven mile bridge. It's like a chain of bridges that you
Richelle Direny: Get to cross the ocean to get to the to the keys and so they tell you it's the southern most end of the United States when you go there. Have you ever been to the keys.
Tyler B: No, I haven't we that we do Florida quite a bit, but we haven't been down that far. Yes.
Richelle Direny: They it's if you ever come back to Florida. That is definitely a trip and they tell you when you're there, there is a point that you span and they tell you from that point you're 90 miles from Cuba.
Tyler B: Oh, that's crazy. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: And they tell you, depending on where you stand. That's what they tell you I see nothing.
Tyler B: But they type be so were you saying
Richelle Direny: Like you can see Cuba, because like you're 90 miles from Cuba.
Richelle Direny: Huh, yeah. So, but it's it's a chain of like really long bridge that crosses the ocean and what's what's really neat as you're traveling
Richelle Direny: As you're traveling to the keys you you're traveling on the new bridge and you're looking at the old bridge that the slaves bills because when you go down to the keys and you take the little tours and they tell it all to you.
Richelle Direny: You're riding along for the majority of the way the old bridge with the slaves.
Richelle Direny: The what the slave spilled back in whatever the 17 1800s, whatever. Were they that they built and how many people died them building these bridge and when you see these bridge. That's all you're thinking about like how in the world.
Richelle Direny: In the middle of the ocean. Did they really build these bridges going all the way out to the keys.
Tyler B: So,
Richelle Direny: It's, it's very interesting. If you ever go back to Florida. That will be a nice trip or if you go on a cruise. Whenever were ever able to go back on a cruise.
Richelle Direny: That will be a nice crews to go on.
Richelle Direny: That stops in the keys.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, that's a big tourist spot to go to the keys.
Richelle Direny: I'm especially if you're into water life. I'm not a big fan of water life. I tell you, this is the best hand that you'd ever get going to the keys.
Tyler B: I bet.
Richelle Direny: The best tan. The sun shines very differently now there.
Richelle Direny: So that is definitely something to to go
Richelle Direny: Um, yeah, so I will definitely recommend like maybe
Richelle Direny: What are we in April, May, maybe in June, we can check back in again in June, kind of, to see how everything is where you are.
Richelle Direny: How things is going with you.
Richelle Direny: As we all try to survive the
Richelle Direny: coven 19
Yeah.
Tyler B: I think it'll, it'll be good. Once, once we get past that we just got to get past that, as all
Richelle Direny: Yes, yes, yes. We got to get there. So my speculations of
Richelle Direny: What it was that doctor's name foot foot foot cine or whatever his name is there was something I think it was on CNN or one of them saying that a next wave of it is going to come in the fall. And I was like, how he knows that.
Tyler B: Like I know
Richelle Direny: The kind of you know next wave of it is coming
Richelle Direny: So he had said that, but there's so many different things that's been said, but I think you know this too shall pass.
Tyler B: Yeah, we just have to find a way to
Richelle Direny: Get through it. But you know, I hope that everything remains well with your wife.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, and she doesn't get exposed because
Richelle Direny: That's some of the thing. Has anybody died there in Michigan.
Tyler B: Yeah, we've had a lot
Tyler B: I think we're over 200
Richelle Direny: That died.
Tyler B: Mm hmm.
Richelle Direny: Wow. Wow.
Tyler B: Yeah, they say.
Tyler B: Detroit, one of the worst.
Tyler B: Worst of the bigger cities so far.
Tyler B: But I think it's because there's a lot of poverty there.
Richelle Direny: Oh wow, that's very interesting.
Tyler B: Huh.
Richelle Direny: That the most def
Tyler B: I think so.
Richelle Direny: Oh wow, that's very interesting.
Richelle Direny: So,
Richelle Direny: Well, you know what this too shall pass. I hope for everything and you know you have a doctors. A lot of people in the front line.
Richelle Direny: That are dying, who said that they view. So all the different precautions. So, you know, they're being exposed and they're dying and all of that. So,
Tyler B: You know,
Richelle Direny: We just continue to pray for our medical
Providers
Tyler B: keep them safe. Yeah, that's can do that is literally all we can do
Richelle Direny: So, um, so yeah, so maybe I'm in
Richelle Direny: Towards the end of this month, next month, then we can start looking at the June or in schedule.
Tyler B: Okay.
Tyler B: Okay, do you just want me to catch, catch up to like
Tyler B: Catch up with you in like group.
Tyler B: Yeah. Okay. Yes, yes.
Richelle Direny: And, you know, if you don't make you know I always encourage if you don't make like you did the last time. If you don't make the first week of
Richelle Direny: The first week that you would attend group in the month, you know, I have them every single Tuesday. So you can always catch up another you know week in group.
Richelle Direny: Okay. Okay. Yep.
Tyler B: Always trying to keep you and
Tyler B: Ya know, so
Richelle Direny: Yes, thank you so much. I really truly do appreciate that. So, all right then, thank you so much for meeting and I hope you feel better and hope your wife stays. Well, okay.
Richelle Direny: Yes. All right, then. Tyler Thank you. Have a good one.
Tyler B: Yeah, we'll talk to you soon.
Richelle Direny: No problem.